>> Evan You: We're gonna try to walk
through the solution a little bit.
So, if you've followed up until here,
we kind of understand that
all of this does is making sure that
when this inner update function executes
our dependency class can actually have
access to the current active update.
That's the whole point, right?
So, now that we have a grab of the current
update or function that's being executed,
we will register that of the function
as a subscriber to this dependency.
So we'll just add that active
update into our subscriber list.
Right?
So, as you can see, okay,
we'll talk about that later,
but inside notify this is
actually pretty straightforward.
ES6 also has the for each function, so
we can just take the subscriber
function and just invoke it.
That's pretty much it.
So this is actually
the whole implementation.
So, one thing to note here,
is why are we using this wrapped update?
We are registering the wrapped
update as the active update.
So that when our dependency changes and
the update function is called again,
we're, in fact,
calling this again, so that this
little dependency tracking trick is
still working on future iterations.
So it keeps collecting dependencies.
So this is important
because in some cases,
our updated function might
contain conditionals.
So, one variable is true,
it might collect this dependencies and
when the variable is flipped,
it might collect another dependency.
So, in fact our dependency
collecting system
needs to be dynamically
re-balancing these dependencies to
make sure the dependency
list is always up to date.
So, our implementation, although
working for our test case, in fact,
misses some edge cases, for example,
we need to clean up stale dependencies.
So if the execution no longer
depends on a certain dependency,
we need to actually clean it up.
This is not accounted for
in this simple implementation.
And then, there's the question of
how to deal with the raise, right?
And the question of how to deal
with newly added properties.
So, these are much more complex questions,
and if you're interested,
you should probably read the source
code of Vue to figure that out.
But due to the time here, we're gonna
move on with this simple version of it.